Add documentation for generating documentation locally (#576)
GeodynamicWorldBuilder/WorldBuilder: doc/sphinx/developer_manual/contributing_to_the_documentation/building_documentation.md

(part:dev_manual:chap:contribute_to_doc:sec:building_doc)=

> Building documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building documentation
```
Does this need==== below to make it a title?

> To build the documentation locally, you first need to ensure you have the right python packages installed. The list of packages required to build the documentation is located in `$WORLD_BUILDER_SOURCE_DIR/doc/requirements.txt`, and can be installed using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the documentation locally, you first need to ensure you have the right Python packages installed. The list of packages required to build the documentation is located in `$WORLD_BUILDER_SOURCE_DIR/doc/requirements.txt`, and can be installed using 
```

:::{code-block}

> pip install -r $WORLD_BUILDER_SOURCE_DIR/doc/requirements.txt \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install -r $WORLD_BUILDER_SOURCE_DIR/doc/requirements.txt
```

:::

> Now that the python packages are installed, we need to toggle the option in cmake to build the target for the GWB documention, this can be done using `ccmake` and enabling `WB_BUILD_DOCUMENTATION=ON`. Run the following command, and use the interactive GUI to do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that the Python packages are installed, we need to toggle the option in CMake to build the target for the GWB documention, this can be done using the interactive GUI `ccmake` and enabling `WB_BUILD_DOCUMENTATION` or by running the following command:
```

:::{code-block}
cd $WORLD_BUILDER_SOURCE_DIR/build \\

> ccmake .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cmake -D WB_BUILD_DOCUMENTATION=ON .
```

:::
Now we compile the GWB normally by running the following:

:::{code-block}

> cmake .. && make

Reviewer: This step should not be necessary, right?

Author: Yes you're right!
